ydaponte/prerequirements (#22)
Azure-Samples/enterprise-data-sharing: 1-data-marketplace/README.md

## Quickstart

### Deploy pre-requirements 

- Create a file based on the provision.config.template.json and make sure you add the following information:
  
| Json Config Section | Field name | Description | Possible values |
| --------------------|------------|-------------|-----------------|
| Global | azureLocation | Azure Region Location | Fill your preferred Azure Location
| Global | subscriptionID | Azure Subscription| Fill your preferred Azure Subscription ID
| Definition | resourceGroupName | Resource group name where the managed application definition will be located | DataMarketPlace_Internal_AMA_Definition | 

> | Definition | notificationEndpointUri | DESCRIPTION MISSING | E.g: "https://eouxm2adrly6hcx.m.pipedream.net" |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Definition | notificationEndpointUri | WebHook endpoint to use to send the Managed App instances related events | E.g: "https://somewhere.pipedream.net" |
```
